Life in a camp was nice. Food was provided and what not.
And of course there were all Asian people and everything, most of them.
And they want Indian food and everything.
They wouldn't get used to with the roast dinners and everything.
So well, camp head, she said, you know,
we don't know how to cook that much Indian food.
So will there be anybody?
So my brother, he was looking after all the like voluntary looking after people.
So he asked my mum, Ali by his wife, you know, Karima,
and a few ladies, you know, and they say, yeah, we are ready to cook, you know, no problem, you see.
We have to get the stuff and everything.
So my brother said to the head of that camp, you know,
and he said, yeah, you give me the list, we will go and get it, you know.
So they brought the stuff and everything and all the ladies gathered up, you know, and started cooking.
Till November, I think end of November,
because we were told that there will be a lot of snow and everything and it will be very cold.
So, of course, there was a house coming into the Scotland.
It was a very, it was a, it was a new, new place was built up, you see.
And we agreed, you know, just to be independent, you know, and go to the Scotland, you know,
doesn't matter, you see, as long as we have got our own things and everything to do.
And we were happy to go, you see, but unfortunately, we couldn't stay there long,
because my mom was very ill over there because she was very cold.
And I was working in a Max and Spencer in a, as a machinist.
And I had to give up my job, you see, because my mom was,
we wanted to move my mom into the warmer country.
So we decided to go to either Leicester or Birmingham.
So we decided to go to Birmingham.
We got a house over there, so we exchanged it.